Problem 11. Programming Languages
5 of the most popular programming language

1.C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language. It supports structured programming, lexical variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. By design, C provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions, and therefore it has found lasting use in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, including operating systems as well as various application software for computers ranging from supercomputers to embedded systems.
2.Java is a functional computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere", meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another.[13] Java applications are typically compiled to byte code that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture.
3.C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.It is designed with a bias toward system programming (e.g., for use in embedded systems or operating system kernels), with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design requirements. C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, including desktop applications, servers (e.g. e-commerce, web search or SQL servers), performance-critical applications (e.g. telephone switches or space probes), and entertainment software.
4.C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. It was developed by Microsoft within its .NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO. C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure.
5.JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language.[5] It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.[5] It is also used in server-side network programming with runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.
The Difference:
The main difference is that Java and Java Script can be run on any operating system, while C# typically requires Windows and the .NET framework. The syntax of C# is much simpler and prone than C/C++ and is easier for learning. The major differences between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.